Xiao Chen, this is not the place you should be
Get out now
Mr. Su took off Sister Soul so quickly
I am afraid that I will not see the unhappiness in my heart.
We're divorced.
It's not up to you what I do
Then why did you let me out?
The dragon feast is the dragon among people who will let you go
You Xiao Chen
It's just a stinky old man crawling in a stinky ditch
Of course you are not eligible to participate
Message wants you to go out
I just don't want to make a big deal out of it.
Don't be shameless.
Only the dragon among men can be impermanent
Then I am the dragon of dragons
With you
Isn't it lowering my grade?
Xiaozen, you are bold
Hum hum hum
Little drop
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Did you know that there is only one person in the world today?
Can be called the dragon of dragons
Numbers, I order you to kneel and kowtow immediately
Otherwise
You can't get away with it today.
Command me
Just because you still have my Wang family and my middle family
And my Qian family plus my Chen family
Here are our four great families in Qinzhou
What do you take to see you with me?
Not worth mentioning
Enough, let alone the four great families in Qinzhou
Even all the aristocratic families in Qinzhou
Even all the families in all the states of the building
Not worth mentioning in front of me
Can't make me regret praying to Buddha
Xiao Chen, are you crazy?
You are completely crazy
Hahahaha good
Did you come here today to beg for death?
Then I will fulfill you